
I assume you are here because you are stuck in the game, no?
Well, you came to the right place. 

How to beat the game - 

You will start the game in the Light Containment Zone, the very lowest 
level of the facility. If you enable the intro sequence, then you will 
see the breach firsthand. If not, then quick summary: Maxwell Acachalla
escaped right in front of your eyes and the facility has entered full 
lockdown. From here you will need to flee quickly and find a keycard and
some other useful items. Some tips for while you go about this:

- Maxwell can only move or attack you if you break your line of sight with
him
- Blink before you open doors
- Check corners
- Get a keycard at all costs
- Get a gas mask, S-Nav, medkit, and night vision goggles
- Get a clipboard to hold documents and a wallet to hold keycards and quarters
- Get the Jade Ring and the Blue Key

After you obtain a Paid Intern/Level 2 keycard, you will be able to enter 
914's chambers. From here you will be able to upgrade your items with the
"1:1" "Fine" and "Very Fine" settings. Some tips while you are in this room:

-Upgrade your keycard(s) to Full Member/Level 3
-Upgrade your gas mask (if obtained)
-Upgrade your night vision goggles (if obtained)
-Upgrade your S-Nav 300 (if obtained) until you get the S-Nav Ultimate
-Upgrade the Medkit in the room to a "Small First Aid Kit"

Once you have a Full Member keycard, you can leave the Light Containment Zone.
First, however, you will need to find the Surveillence room and disable the 
Light Containment Zone Lockdown. This will allow you to transverse the 
checkpoint(s) to the Heavy Containment Zone. Make sure you are done with the 
Light Containment Zone (get all items you want) and then leave. 

Once you enter the Heavy Containment Zone, you will need to find the macaroni 
containment unit. Once you find this room, you will need to close the macaroni 
valve while keeping from inhaling the macaroni fumes. This will allow you to 
exit the Heavy Containment Zone, but you will need a Investigator 
Extraordinare/Level 5 keycard first. 

Before you leave Heavy Containment, you will need to decide if you want to recontain
Jimmy Casket. This decision will affect your ending if you decide to go for a Gate A 
ending. If you do, enter his room and grab the keycard, then find the paper in there 
with recontainment instructions. 

Once you enter the Entrance Zone, a PIE team will enter the facitily and divide into
groups of three. Should they come into contact with Maxwell, they will recontain him,
so it might be a good idea to have them chase you to him. This will not only get rid
of Maxwell for the rest of the game, but it will also get 3 PIE members far away from
you. 

You will need to begin searching for the Electrical Center. When you find this room, 
make sure you turn the lights back on and disable the "Remote Door Controls". This 
will stop doors from closing in your face and allow you to negotiate with 079. Once 
you turn the Remote Door Controls back on, you can leave. From here, you can achieve
4 endings, 2 for each gate. Your Gate A endings are dependant on whether you 
recontain Jimmy Casket, while your Gate B endings are dependant on whether you have
disabled the Alpha Warheads prior. 


